I went to the garden center and took
your advice about texture and color and
I got very excited about the ajuga
chocolate chip I just loved the brown
brassy color and the green and comparing
this with the flats black I just thought
that was such a wonderful combination
and i also like this the veronica and
the smaller leaf at those time yeah well
they all are wonderful combinations
because of the contrasting textures
however Verna this plant is too mature
for the way we're going to do the dash
and so I think we better stick to the
Veronica and the time okay okay so let's
get started I just love this guy he's
wonderful but the problem is now we want
to plant him from the inside so I need
to open him up he's already been soaked
so he's not dripping anymore which is
kind of nice and I'm just going to cut
through the cable ties there and there
and I don't think well we won't bother
with the bottom one I'm going to pull
some Moss out to make room for my
perennial now we'll just knock this guy
out of the pot and maybe pull the roots
a little bit when they get popped down
it's always nice to loosen them up a bit
now we're going to put the whole thing
in because he will fit quite nicely into
that cavity now I'll head him like that
give them a quick turn and kind of
juggle some of the leaves up through the
wires now remember that trusty tool
we're just going to pull a few of the
leaves through before we put too much
pressure on gently pull them through
here we go
they will continue to grow through of
course but it's nice to give them a bit
of a head start now since I've got most
of out there but holding it firmly I'm
going to put some more moss back down
underneath just kind of study it up
against the wire there we go and now
I'll poke some down the side will be
able to add more moths from outside once
we've closed and back up again but we
might as well get as much as we can in
now so just pack it firmly there we go
so any of these animals could you plant
from the inside like you're doing now or
from the outside as you did before I
think it depends a lot on the amount of
cavity space that you have this is a
good size it takes a three-inch
perennial very nicely it's also possible
to reduce the root system if it's a
little tighter you can always knock some
of the soil off and some of the roots if
you need to get into a tighter space or
you could also cut them in half and put
half on one side and half on the other
case but this animal is a perfect fit
for the three-inch perennial okay now I
know you also brought someone already
done in the ajuga and flat flat for me
can we have a look at what would he look
like when he's all done absolutely well
I just cannot get over how beautiful
this fellow is and the eyes again really
lend a personality to him the plats
black has had time to grow out as well
as the ajuga he's just gorgeous Florida
is terrific he's very nice and of course
he's had time to grow this little guy
won't take that long I need to pull them
up right now though and then we'll
finish up so I'm going to take my cable
tie and put it in underneath and then
across in an X formation yeah if you
could just study him there Verna that
would be terrific I've got him loosely
positioned and then I'm going to do
another piece across the same way I see
you're doing that on a diagonal yeah why
do you do that I find it makes a
stronger connection like an ex and my
handy nut pit comes in handy too
sometimes to just stop pull that through
and you're not pulling it tight i
noticed no I like to keep them gets a
little bit loose until I get it stable
and then all the wires lined up nicely
okay and then I need to redo the ones
that were on the side put my finger
there just kind of grabs the cable tie
well for me there's one and here we go
with two and i'll do the back side okay
one well that didn't take long at all no
now we need to trim them off give him a
bit of a snug up since my wires are all
nicely lined up cut them off how she
this was very fast wasn't it he'd now
just need to be patient and watch him
grow a little bit but do you know this
fella has some up here as well and I'd
like to see maybe we try a little bit
from here but I've already closed him up
okay not a problem all we're going to do
is pull out a little bit of moss and
here and we're going to do it was
looking a little bold well can't have
that look okay so this is time it's
actually elephantine which is a
wonderful little plant I'm just going to
separate off a little bit don't need
very much see because I haven't got a
lot of space in here I can not pull out
a little bit more moss here we go and I
should be able to pulp this root system
back in now you'll make sure that you
leave this in the shades is for a few
days until it gets established and put
some more moss back in that's better
than a toupee and it's a lot cheaper do
rochus yeah okay now as time goes that
will draw beautifully over the head of
the just like this one did okay keeping
in mind that this plant likes dry
conditions so that's a good location for
it on all out of the head great idea so
there he's all done we'll give him some
eyes then oh absolutely let's get some
hands and ticks can you reach them for
me over there
now we just need to find two bitter
similar in size and these are they
always have a little bit of a root on
them there we go and will poke a hole
where the I cavity where the eyes go and
stick it in there is not instant green
eyes yep there you go oh there you go
looking at you